Fixed #32105 -- Added template paths as ExceptionReporter class attributes. (#13531)
django/django: docs/howto/error-reporting.txt

.. class:: ExceptionReporter

    .. attribute:: html_template_path

>         A Path object representing the filesystem path to a template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        A :class:`pathlib.Path` representing the filesystem path to a template
```

        for rendering the HTML representation of the exception.

    .. attribute:: text_template_path

>         A Path object representing the filesystem path to a template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        A :class:`pathlib.Path` representing the filesystem path to a template
```

        for rendering the plain-text representation of the exception.

> 

Reviewer 2: Hey @akx @pope1ni. 

* I think we should say `absolute filesystem path` here. (Because we can't use the template in-case the error is there — which we don't need to say here.) 
* **Question**: do you think we should say `Defaults to the Django provided template.` or similar? (i.e. is it obvious enough that I don't need to set this unless I want to?)

Thanks

.. class:: ExceptionReporter

    .. attribute:: html_template_path

>         A :class:`pathlib.Path` representing the absolute filesystem path to a

Reviewer 3: `versionadded` is missing.

        template for rendering the HTML representation of the exception.
        Defaults to the Django provided template.

    .. attribute:: text_template_path

> 

Reviewer 3: `versionadded` is missing.
